README.md, before:

# Rhys Butler - Personal Website

A modern, responsive personal website built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- Modern, clean design
- Responsive layout for all devices
- Dark mode support
- Static site generation for fast loading
- Easy to maintain and update

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Fonts**: [Geist](https://vercel.com/font) by Vercel
- **Deployment**: Vercel (recommended), Netlify, or GitHub Pages

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or newer)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/rhysbutler.com.git
   cd rhysbutler.com
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/               # Next.js app router pages
├── components/        # React components
│   ├── layout/        # Layout components (Header, Footer)
│   └── ui/            # UI components
└── content/           # Content data
```

## Customization

### Content

- Update personal information in the page files
- Modify project details in `src/app/projects/page.tsx`
- Update contact information in `src/app/contact/page.tsx`

### Styling

- Global styles are in `src/app/globals.css`
- The site uses Tailwind CSS for styling - refer to the [Tailwind documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) for customization options

## Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new).

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Import the project to Vercel
3. Vercel will detect Next.js automatically and use the optimal build settings

### Other Deployment Options

- **Netlify**: Connect your GitHub repository to Netlify
- **GitHub Pages**: Use the `next export` command to generate static files

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

Rhys Butler - [contact@rhysbutler.com](mailto:contact@rhysbutler.com)

---

Built with ♥ using Next.js and Tailwind CSS

Commit message:

Update README with project overview and improve homepage content

README.md, after:

# Personal Website Repository

This repository contains the source code for my personal website. I embarked on this project as an excuse to explore the Cursor AI editor and revamp my simple (and admittedly poxy) website during a cruisy Saturday afternoon. The site is built with Next.js and is currently hosted on Vercel.

## Project Overview

The layout is intentionally minimalistic, allowing me to start with a clean slate and leverage the capabilities of Claude-3.7-Sonnet. I'm no designer, but I managed to achieve the desired aesthetic with the following steps:

- **Fresh Project Initialization**: Kicked off a new Next.js project.
- **Content Migration**: Transferred content from the previous version of the website.
- **Content Updates**: Made minor updates to refresh outdated content.
- **Site Structure Organization**: Rearranged the layout for better navigation.
- **GitHub Pages Deployment Exploration**: Experimented with GitHub Actions for deployment.

## Features

- Modern, clean design
- Responsive layout for all devices
- Dark mode support
- Static site generation for fast loading
- Easy to maintain and update

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Fonts**: [Geist](https://vercel.com/font) by Vercel
- **Deployment**: Vercel with custom domain (rhysbutler.com)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or newer)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/rhysbutler.com.git
   cd rhysbutler.com
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/               # Next.js app router pages
├── components/        # React components
│   ├── layout/        # Layout components (Header, Footer)
│   └── ui/            # UI components
└── content/           # Content data
```

## Customization

### Content

- Update personal information in the page files
- Modify project details in `src/app/projects/page.tsx`
- Update contact information in `src/app/contact/page.tsx`

### Styling

- Global styles are in `src/app/globals.css`
- The site uses Tailwind CSS for styling - refer to the [Tailwind documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) for customization options

## Deployment

The website is currently hosted on Vercel with the domain rhysbutler.com.

## Future Updates

I can't imagine I'll want to update the structure of the website much, but we'll see.

- [ ] Possibly add more periodic content (blog posts?). It could be interesting to drive this from markdown files—I'll have to investigate best practices here.
- [ ] It might be fun to try and restyle/rebrand the page, just to see how Claude performs at this.
- [ ] It could also be interesting to have different models evaluate the code.
- [ ] Some basic testing — but it seems laborious for a project like this.

---

Built with ♥ using Next.js, Tailwind CSS on Cursor and maximum vibe.
